Description
Permanent role, 1.0 FTE (40 hours per week)
Looking for an experienced Nurse or Allied Health Clinician to work within Adult Community Services
Excellent opportunity to demonstrate senior level of clinical expertise in a NASC setting
Make a difference in the lives of people living across Tamaki Makaurau. Health New Zealand | Te Whatu Ora is firmly grounded in the principles of Te Tiriti o Waitangi and is committed to building a health system that serves all New Zealanders.

About the role

An exciting opportunity has become available for an experienced Nurse or Allied Health Clinician to join the NASC team as a Lead Service Coordinator. You may have leadership experience or be looking to take that first step into management.

The role is a mix of clinical and influential leadership/management, reporting to a Charge Nurse Manager/Service Lead. You will lead a multi-professional team of service coordinators with strong professional support. Our service coordinators provide assessment and service coordination to adults who have long term disability or chronic long term health conditions.

As the Lead Service Coordinator, you will be able to:

Lead and support staff orientation, 1:1s, supervision, performance reviews and coaching.
Oversee operations caseload distribution, triage, workforce planning and leave management.
Maintain clinical expertise carry a small, complex caseload and model advanced practice.
Drive quality improvement audits, service reviews, guidelines and incident reviews.
Grow people and workforce support professional development, mentoring and student placements.
About you

You will:

Be an NZ registered health professional with a current annual practising certificate
Provide leadership and workload oversight for a multi-professional team of service coordinators
Be InterRAI Home Care assessment trained
Demonstrate commitment to the development and implementation of quality improvement initiatives
Be open to new challenges and experiences
Hold a clean drivers licence
This is a fantastic opportunity to work in a supportive team alongside other Lead Service Coordinators, an Advanced Clinician and a Nurse Specialist as week as the wider MDT within a community approach to care. If you are ready to take the next step in your career, this could be the role for you.

Please click here for a position description.

For further information or a confidential discussion, please contact Charge Nurse Manager Charlotte Lai on mailto:charlotte.lai@tewhatuora.govt.nz.

Working at Health New Zealand

Health New Zealand | Te Whatu Ora is dedicated to ensuring excellent healthcare for the people of New Zealand. We embrace a workforce that is diverse and inclusive so that we are better positioned to understand and service our community. We welcome applications from our diverse Maori, Pacific, disabled, and rainbow communities.

How to Apply

To apply please click apply now. All applications must be submitted through our online careers portal. If you have any questions about the role, please contact Joseph Ciao  Recruitment Consultant via mailto:joseph.ciao@tewhatuora.govt.nz

We will review applications as received and may proceed with the recruitment process, before the closing date of this advert.