0/10/2023 Review 31/03/2025 Policy Version 2.1
Page 48
© Nailed It Safety Solutions Limited 2023-24| Licensed to Cranfield Glass
Do not distribute or make copies off this document without authorisation from Nailed It Safety Solutions Ltd
External
1. Examples:
• Topical courses i.e., working at heights
• Accredited licenses i.e., ramset powder actuated tools
• Safety courses i.e., medical first aid, site safe passport.
2. All workers shall receive on-going training whenever a procedure or process is changed, and, where there are no
changes, ongoing training shall be carried out as required. If new plant or equipment is purchased, then training
should be considered as part of the hazard identification process.
3. Training shall be recorded in the training register and with reminders set in a calendar or similar application for
expiry dates and retraining.
4. Training should only be carried out by competent training organisations. This shall be judged on a case-by-case
basis but evidence of competency of the organisations may include NZQA registered, background and
experience of the trainer, or appropriate tertiary certificate.
Toolbox Talks
1. Toolbox talks should be prepared and delivered at least on a weekly basis to all workers at the weekly
workers meeting. Effort should also be made to deliver a toolbox talk to any contractors working onsite when a
supervisor from Cranfield Glass attends site.
2. Contractors and workers should do a pre-start meeting at the beginning of every job.
3. The toolbox talk should contain relevant and practical information for most workers onsite.
4. Records of the toolbox talk should be kept in the toolbox talk folder on the computer.
Review
Training requirements should be reviewed at the scheduled safety meeting.
The training register keeps track of which training is expiring for us – cells turn RED when the training has expired and
YELLOW if expiring within the next 3 months.
Modified 30/10/2023 Review 31/03/2025 Policy Version 2.1
Page 49
© Nailed It Safety Solutions Limited 2023-24| Licensed to Cranfield Glass
Do not distribute or make copies off this document without authorisation from Nailed It Safety Solutions Ltd
Assessing Competency / Training Staff Internally
Scope
Central to the safety of our staff is ensuring that we have competent personal
performing tasks. This is critical to get right, both from a quality-management and
safety perspective. By ensuring our staff receive proper training we ensure the
safe and efficient operation of our equipment.
Competency training is for everyone. Everyone can benefit from the experience
of others, even if you have been doing it for 20 years. The operation of equipment
/ use of hazardous chemicals without being marked as “Able to Use” is a serious
offence and will be dealt with at management level.
Key points
• This is not a replacement for formal training for items that require a license, unit standard, ticket, or certificate
to use. This won’t teach you how to drive a car (requires a Class 1 license) but it will teach you how to back a
trailer.
• It is essential to verify the quality of training by continuously monitoring performance during our regular duties.
In other words, keep an eye on your team to ensure that the proper process is followed, even after they have
been trained.
Able to Use System (COMPETENCY)
We keep a register of staff deemed competent to operate equipment. This is called our “Able to Use” Register / Board.
Key points:
• Individuals should not attempt tasks that they’ve not been assessed as competent against.
• Supervisors should be aware of what skills their teams have
• If an individual is asked to complete a task, they are unfamiliar with, they should ask their supervisor to train
them on how to do this.
Competency training is NOT designed to replace external courses such as SiteSafe, heights, wheels / tracks /
rollers etc.
Competency training IS designed for both simple and complex tasks or processes within a company, where formal
training is not a practical option. For example, internal processes, operation of equipment / machinery, specific
chemicals etc